hi guys today on divas cook we are
making some good old spicy crunchy fried
chicken I have been getting so many
requests for a good spicy fried chicken
recipe I thought y'all said I wanted
some healthy recipes mmm-hmm well you
know I'm your girl I got you so let's
get right on into it all right so the
first step we're gonna brine this
chicken you already know I love me a
buttermilk brine it's so good
place that buttermilk into a large bowl
I like my ball with a brining bag okay
now we're gonna add in some good ol hot
sauce I'm using Franks because it's the
hunk home good but you can use any kind
you want to okay and then you're gonna
add in some onions you're gonna throw in
a little bit of garlic and you can also
throw in some salt if you want to that's
you know I look flavor to whatever but
yeah go ahead and mix that up okay get
it well combined and then we're gonna
take our little chicken here just one
whole cut up chicken fully thawed out we
don't want you to throw the Chi and just
place it right into this brine just like
this right here that's perfect go ahead
and push it down just like that
dunk it in there you're gonna take this
a bag and wrap it up you want this
chicken to be completely submerged in
this Brian all right perfect we're gonna
brine it for three hours or so and then
when it's done pour off that brine and
then shake off the excess brine from the
chicken I didn't even rinse them off I
just went ahead and shook it really
really good and got as much buttermilk
off as possible and now it's time to
move on to our spices I have a ton of
different yummy spices in here it's
gonna mix this all up until it is a
world combined okay anything we're gonna
season up my chicken generously with
this spice mixture front and back don't
use Oliver using you know maybe like
half of it okay its front and back make
sure you season it up really really good
and really you can use any kind of
spices you want to use you can just go
with the plain Cajun spice plane if you
want to listen man just make sure you
get it you know well seasoned it like
that YUM looks perfect
all right now I have some self-rising
all-purpose flour here perfect for
frying chicken I'm gonna add the
remaining spices into this flour and
stir it up oh do not breathe in this
flour oh my gosh you guys I accidentally
had like a little flour cloud come up
and it went in my nose I was gonna cry
the chat I was burning it so bad but
yeah go ahead and stir it up just like
this you want to taste the flour make
sure that flours well seasoned if not
adding more salt pepper what if to make
sure that it taste nice and salty and
spicy okay perfect now we have our brown
paper back here because we're old school
we're gonna dump our flour mixture into
the bag and then throw our chicken in
there just like this right here yes this
is what you do then roll that back up
and three to pretend like our name is
still your foot and we're gonna shake
this chicken up and we're gonna say this
is so much fun I love that movie the
help oh my gosh you guys when they are
making chicken that is my favorite scene
that whole movie love that movie so much
there's a little cleavage action for you
guys hey go mone girl alright so now
we're gonna open up our bag and our
chicken should be very well coated
perfect I love this myth because it does
it all in one little step love it shake
off the excess flour we don't need it we
don't need excess flour on our chicken
that's not gonna need that
shake it off place it on a baking pan
now look like this right here it's
perfect but we are not done yet hey we
want a nice thick crunchy coating so
we're gonna mix up some eggs here go
ahead and whisk them with your little
fork really really good till they are
like uniform in color we don't want
streaks inky nice yellow I guess we're
gonna throw in some water okay then
we're gonna throw in some more hot sauce
you want it spicy spicy if you can't
handle spicy chicken this is not for you
honey because it's chicken got some
little heat on next we're gonna throw in
a little bit of garlic powder gonna mix
this own up just like this right here
alright now that is ready to go room and
take our chicken we're gonna dip it into
this little hot sauce egg mixture turn
it around shake off the excess and place
it right back into our little bag with
the flour in it and then go ahead and
repeat this with all the chicken and
then you'll add real honey go ahead and
wrap that bag right back up and shake
shake shake we were almost done with
this part yeah you're not like doing
this I was ready to be done with it okay
you're gonna check it out our chicken
should be very well coated perfect we're
gonna shake it off okay and then place
it on our baking sheet and now this
chicken is ready for some oil go ahead
and pour your oil into a deep skillet
I'm using vegetable oil you could use
some shortening you can use peanut oil
whatever lift your skirt go ahead and do
it when they're all it's nice and hot go
ahead and place your chicken in just
like this right here now you don't want
this all to be splattering and pop
locking and dropping if they're all is
like popping this Mogan it's too hot
turn it down so slow okay we don't want
it to be too hot now it should sound
like a nice soothing brain like this
right here
gorgeous alright when the chicken is
ready go ahead and take it out of the
oil and place it on a plate the line
with
paper towels and then go ahead and fry
up your next batch oh my gosh you guys
keep an eye on because I almost burnt
this doggone chicken and you know honey
minute on burn Oh chicken and then while
it's really hot so don't let it cool off
yet you're gonna sprinkle it with some
Cajun seasoning any kind of Cajun
seasoning this is optional you don't
have to do it's already hot enough but
you know if you really like it like alia
put on some more cajun seasoning and
you're pretty much done yeah you did it
and even though I had a lot of steps so
it is pretty easy you know pretty easy
straight for used to be so scared to
fried chicken you guys oh my gosh but
you know easy recipe and now going into
some hot sauce I love this kind of right
here YUM and go ahead and douse it with
some yummy hot sauce and this is
definitely some good ol hot and spicy
fried chicken okay let me go ahead take
a bite out of this chicken for you guys
you can see just how juicy it is look at
that juicy crunchy spicy perfect what
more could you ask for and as always you
can find this recipe on my blog at divas
can cook calm and while you're already
in the kitchen you guys you might as
well go ahead and make a fool on chicken
dinner holding these can't see honey
make it yourself go ahead and click on
those photos to go right to the video
recipe thank you guys so much for
watching later
[Music]